Let's start with the toolbar because I think every application has some sort of header and I'll actually
create a new component for that,
so not in the post folder but in the app folder itself
I'll add a new folder, header and in there I want to create my own header components, so I'll name it
header.component.ts and add a header.component.html file, you learned how we create
these component, so go through that a bit quicker.
Export my class header component in there and add the @component decorator which you need to import
from
@angular/core, my IDE automatically added the import,
you might need to do that manually depending on your IDE.
Add a selector, I'll name it app header and then also add a template or a template url and here
I'll be pointing to my header.component.html file.
Now that's the header component typescript file, in the html file,
I will use yet another component provided by the angular/material framework.
So in app module we need to unlock that first, here to our import list from @angular/material,
I'll import yet another module, the mat toolbar module.
Now as you probably can guess, this unlocks a certain toolbar component, to unlock it for angular, we need
to add this to our imports array
and now we can use the material design toolbar.
Let's quickly checkout the docs, there on the left you find toolbar and you can check out the demo code,
as you can see it's really easy to use,
not that difficult,
you can configure a lot though,
again feel free to read through the entire documentation here.
So I will add it in my header component toolbar and we can for example set a color which I will set
to primary because I don't like that boring gray-ish look and there for now,
I'll just set my messages as a title so to say.
Now the header component isn't used yet, to use it
we first of all need to unlock it, so we go to declarations in our app module, not imports because we're
not importing another module, we're just importing another component in our case
and there I will add my own component, so I'll again let my IDE automatically import this and I will
just add header component and my IDE adds the import up here,
this is important.
So now this is added, now we can use the header component here
and I want to use it in my app component, instead of our first app, I'll add app header like this.
Now with that added here, let's save this,
let's go back to our application and we get this nice toolbar above the rest of our application.
Now the card is sitting directly on the edge of the toolbar, to change this, what we can do is we can
simply wrap our main content with the main element.
Now that's a normal html element, put our post create component in there and now style that main element
directly here in the app component.css file maybe and you can of course also use css class
selectors, you don't have to always select the elements,
so here I will give this some margin to the top of let's say 1rem or 16 pixels would be the equivalent,
whichever unit you prefer,
I will work with rems here.
So we get some distance between the card and the toolbar,
now the thing that is missing for now, we'll add navigation later,
the thing that is missing for now is a way to output the posts. It would be nice to output the posts below
our input area here,
so let's do this next.